These are a collection of scripts to make it easier to work with Git-based Ruby
on Rails projects.

h1. Installing

To install, create symlinks of each of these executables in a bin folder, such
as @/usr/local/bin@:

<pre><code>
ln -s /path/to/rails-git-scripts/git-* /usr/local/bin/
</code></pre>

Each tool can then be run as if it were a normal git command.

h1. Commands

h2. git checkout-migrate

*Usage:* @git checkout-migrate <branch>@

This task checks out a branch, and migrates the database appropriately for that
branch. In order, it performs the following tasks:

# Migrates down any migrations unique to the current branch,
# checks out the new branch, and
# migrates up any migrations unique to the new branch.

h2. git remote-branch

*Usage:* @git remote-branch (create|destroy) [<branch>]@

Creates or destroys remote branches and their associated local tracking
branches. This code is based on git-remote-branch by Carl Mercier
(carl@carlmercier.com).

h3. Creating Branches

With no arguments (git remote-branch create), adds a new remote branch with the
commits in the current branch (presumably a local-only branch), and configures
this branch to track the remote branch.

With a &lt;branch&gt; specified, creates a remote branch, creates a local
tracking branch, and switches to that branch.

h3. Deleting Branches

With no arguments (git remote-branch delete), removes the current branch both
locally and remotely.

With a &lt;branch&gt; specified, removes the given branch from the remote
repository then deletes the local tracking branch.
